README.md, before:

# BettererSpeedTest

local hacked up version of betterspeedtest.sh, originally coded by Rich Brown.
(see: https://github.com/richb-hanover/CeroWrtScripts )

This version allows for independant up/down testing, and minimal output,
suitable for scripting and import directly into things like RRD databases.

Assuming you have your own netperf server running, test your download-only and get the results in kb/s

    $ BettererSpeedTest -H mynetperf.localdomain -t 30 -n 20 -b -D -q -k | awk '{print $2}'
    15160099


--

    Usage: sh BettererSpeedTest [-4 -6] [-qvbkUDHPtpn]
    
    -q|--quiet
    -v|--verbose
    -b|--bandwidth(-only)
    -U|--upload(-only)
    -D|--download(-only)
    -k|--kilobits                        default: megabits/s
    -H|--host netperf-server             default: netperf.bufferbloat.net
    -P|--port server-port                default: 12865
    -t|--time duration                   default: 30
    -p|--ping host-to-ping               default: www.google.com
    -n|--number  simultaneous-sessions   default: 20

Commit message:

add custom system override configuration file option

README.md, after:

# BettererSpeedTest

local hacked up version of betterspeedtest.sh, originally coded by Rich Brown.
(see: https://github.com/richb-hanover/CeroWrtScripts )

This version allows for independant up/down testing, and minimal output,
suitable for scripting and import directly into things like RRD databases.

Assuming you have your own netperf server running, test your download-only and get the results in kb/s

    $ BettererSpeedTest -H mynetperf.localdomain -t 30 -n 20 -b -D -q -k | awk '{print $2}'
    15160099

You can have system or per-user customized config files, which are read in the following order:
	/etc/bettererc        
	/etc/default/bettererc 
	${HOME}/.bettererc


easily extract the options list from the script:
	$ sed -n 15,37p BettererSpeedTest > /etc/default/bettererc 


--

    Usage: sh BettererSpeedTest [-4 -6] [-qvbkUDHPtpn]
    
    -q|--quiet
    -v|--verbose
    -b|--bandwidth(-only)
    -U|--upload(-only)
    -D|--download(-only)
    -k|--kilobits                        default: megabits/s
    -H|--host netperf-server             default: netperf.bufferbloat.net
    -P|--port server-port                default: 12865
    -t|--time duration                   default: 30
    -p|--ping host-to-ping               default: www.google.com
    -n|--number  simultaneous-sessions   default: 20
